Rework `Rules` page (#91)
osuTitanic/wiki: wiki/Rules/en.md

7. **Intentional server abuse.** Deliberate attempts to overload, DDoS, or otherwise disrupt Titanic’s servers are strictly prohibited and will lead to an account restriction.
8. **Unsolicited advertisements** are prohibited on Titanic. Any promotional content must be pre‑approved by a staff member before posting. Breaking this rule may lead to your account being silenced.
9. **Leaked source code.** Any mention, display, or distribution of osu!’s leaked source code is strictly prohibited. It would only make unnecessary work for peppy.
10. **Minimum age requirement.** All users must be at least 13 years old to join Titanic. Account owners found to be under this age will be suspended until proof of eligibility is provided.
11. **Use common sense.** The staff team has explicit discretion to apply their judgment on this as they see fit.

## In-game Chat Rules

1. **Be respectful and mindful of other users in the channel.** Avoid flooding or spamming.
Taking up half the screen by yourself is annoying, so please avoid doing it whenever possible.
2. **If someone gets silenced or restricted, leave them be and don’t start talking about them.**

> If someone is silenced or restricted, their case is between them and the administrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If someone is silenced or restricted, their case is between them and the administrators.
```

3. **Do not continue to message or harass users after being blocked.**

> If a user blocks you, it means they no longer wish to communicate. Attempting to bypass the block — especially to harass, disturb, troll, or provoke them — is a serious violation of in-game conduct. This behaviour will lead to silence or other punishments, if someone is harassing you or even worse, please open a support ticket in the [Titanic Discord](https://discord.gg/qryYG2C5nc) server or contact the [support email](mailto:support@titanic.sh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user blocks you, it means they no longer wish to communicate. Attempting to bypass the block — especially to harass, disturb, troll, or provoke them — is a serious violation of in-game conduct. This behaviour will lead to silence or other punishments, if someone is harassing you or threatening your safety, please open a support ticket in the [Titanic Discord](https://discord.gg/qryYG2C5nc) server or contact the [support email](mailto:support@titanic.sh).
```
